# TEAM WRITE-UP

# TEAM NAME
Weebs

# WEB APPLICATION NAME
Spew

# OVERVIEW
Spew is an innovative student-driven database centered around finding the perfect class for any student. It provides an array of information on any class offered at UMass, such as required textbooks, instructors, attendance and so on. It also allows students to share feedback in the form of reviews, along with ratings based on certain disciplines of the class. This application will allow students to view most-rated and highest-rated classes, along with the ability to view related classes in the form of track based on the student's concentration. There has been no changes to our design proposal since the previous project submission. 

# TEAM MEMBERS
* Michael Ahn
* Ny Lam
* Richard Li
* Thanh Pham
* Lucas Phan
* Taesan Yoon

# VIDEO LINK 


# DESIGN OVERVIEW

For our user registraton, when the user registers a new account this is stored in the sqlite database of our website. The purpose of user registration is when the user logs in they will be granted certain privileges based on their user group authentication level. They will then be able to see their personal pages generated by their user activity. 

We implemented a login and logout feature. We have created the login.html file in the registration folder of our project documents. This login page includes functionality for user input of username and password which then allows the user to gain access to their personal accounts. We added the authentication urls to include roots for authentication, templates for authentication views, and the template directory in the settings.py so Django can find the login.html. The login page features a redirection functionality that will redirect the user to the main page after logging in. For the logout page, we implemented a logout function that will redirect the user to the application's logout view. 

In terms of user interaciton with forms, we have added a login form, a registration form, an edit-user form, and an edit-student form. The edit-user form allows the user to edit their first name, last name, and email address. The edit-student form allows the user to edit their bio, major, concentration, favorite courses, current courses, and graduation year. The login form takes the username and password of the user. The registration form creates a new user, taking their first name, last name, email-address, and newly created password. We proceeded to add url patterns for these forms to access their respective views, which will render the form. 
 
# SUCCESSES
* We were able to delegate tasks in a more efficient manner whilst maintaining coordination amongst our code and ourselves
* We were able to troubleshoot login functionality and login paths
* We were better able to communicate through Slack and orchestrate group meetings that all members were capable of attending. 

# PROBLEMS
* Created a custom spew user because of previous admin page errors, however this conlficted with the django authentication that is given to the default user class. 
* Miscommunication on github repo management 

# Team Choice



